Add PTZ Camera recommendations, explanations and docs for 2-way audio (#19740)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/cameras.md

## ONVIF PTZ camera recommendations

> This list of working and non-working PTZ cameras is based on user feedback. Generally, if on the FeatureList for the camera found on the [ONVIF Conformant Products Database](https://www.onvif.org/conformant-products/), `PTZRelative`, `PTZRelativePanTilt` and / or `PTZRelativeZoom`, as well as `PTZAuxiliary` are listed, the camera is likely to work and it is guaranteed not to work if the features are not present. There are still cameras that do not work even if this feature is present (a notable example being the Dahua DH-P5AE-PV). If no such document for the camera is present, it is recommended *not* to buy the camera, except it is explicitly mentioned as working below.

Reviewer: I think I'd like to avoid explicit language like "likely to work". In developing autotracking and supporting users of it over the last several years, I've found that there is sometimes no rhyme or reason why firmware devs don't implement necessary features and yet still say they "support ONVIF". Some cameras even advertise all of the appropriate features and then don't respond to any commands.

I'd prefer language like this:

> The ONVIF Conformant Products Database can provide a starting point: if the FeatureList for a camera includes PTZRelative, PTZRelativePanTilt and/or PTZRelativeZoom, along with PTZAuxiliary, the camera may support the functionality required for PTZ control. However, support is inconsistent—some cameras list these features but fail to respond to commands. If the FeatureList does not include these PTZ features, the camera will not work. If no entry exists for the camera, it is generally best to avoid purchasing it unless it is explicitly mentioned as working below.

## ONVIF PTZ camera recommendations

> This list of working and non-working PTZ cameras is based on user feedback. It is thus important that you report your camera working or not working by opening an issue or by creating a pull request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list of working and non-working PTZ cameras is based on user feedback. If you'd like to report specific quirks or issues with a manufacturer or camera that would be helpful for other users, open a pull request to add to this list.
```

The issues queue on this repo is for feature requests, and I think this wording should not feel as "urgent" to get users to report their specific camera because, as noted earlier, we're not looking for this list to be exhaustive.

> This list of working and non-working PTZ cameras is based on user feedback. It is thus important that you [report camera compatibility](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/issues) if you manage or do not manage to get a camera not listed here working.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we definitely do not want an issue template for this:

1. Users have had no problem creating PRs to update the docs, the issue template would only be relevant if we wanted this information and didn't think users could provide it themselves via a docs PR
2. Yes, we are not trying to maintain an exhaustive or even full resource for users to check for cameras. It is mostly trying to serve as a general guide on what brands support what features. Honestly at this point reolink can likely be consolidated to a single row

    icon: LuCar
    order: 0
```

## Two-Way Audio

> See the [here](/configuration/live/#two-way-talk) for a guide on how to set up Two way audio / Two way talk and some starting points to determine if your camera supports the required features.

Reviewer 2: I think we could refactor this to have a single sentence linking there, and then mentioned the FeatureList with Onvif Profile T

> See the [here](/configuration/live/#two-way-talk) for a guide on how to set up Two way audio / Two way talk and some starting points to determine if your camera supports the required features.

Author: I personally feel like there should simply be a single page (likely extra configuration or camera), where this explained and have the other places where it would be relevant also link to that page.

> See the [here](/configuration/live/#two-way-talk) for a guide on how to set up Two way audio / Two way talk and some starting points to determine if your camera supports the required features.

Reviewer 2: It's mostly relevant in the live view page because two way audio is done in the live view and has related configuration which is required for live view.
